Lakers Notes: LeBron, Redick, Smart, Doncic December 6th 2025 at 11:00pm CST by Arthur Hill LeBron James has almost reached the limit of games he can miss and still qualify for postseason awards, but Lakers coach JJ Redick indicated that won’t be a factor in deciding when he’ll play, writes Khobi Price of The Orange County Register (subscription required). James was held out of Friday’s loss in Boston and is listed as questionable for Sunday’s contest in Philadelphia due to right sciatica and left foot joint arthritis. He has already missed 16 games, so he can only skip one more under the 65-game rule. “LeBron and I talk very regularly. Mike (Mancias, James’ longtime athletic trainer and the Lakers’ athletic performance liaison) and I talk regularly. It’s never come up as something that’s important,” Redick said. “The biggest thing as we got closer to training camp was getting him healthy, and then as we started the season, getting healthy enough to play, and then re-acclimating him. I want all my guys to get whatever award they deserve. Austin (Reaves), Luka (Doncic), LeBron, like whoever, I want them to get awards. That’s great for them, but it’s not – the list of things that you have to worry about and think about as a player and coach, it’s so far down the list.” James was sidelined for the first 14 games of the season with sciatica and didn’t make his debut until November 18. He has appeared in six games and is averaging 14 points, 7.8 rebounds and 4.3 assists in 32.8 minutes per night with .413/.259/.550 shooting numbers. He’ll turn 41 later this month, so limiting the wear and tear on his body is Redick’s primary concern. There’s more on the Lakers: Marcus Smart will miss his sixth straight game on Sunday and his injury designation has changed, Price adds. He’s now dealing with a left lumbar muscle strain rather than lower back injury management. Smart has appeared in 14 games and made nine starts in his first season with L.A. James’ historic streak of double-digit scoring games was snapped at 1,297 Thursday at Toronto, Price states in a separate story. James height points going into the final possession when he opted to pass to Rui Hachimura, who sank a game-winning three-pointer. “Just playing the game the right way,” James said. “You always make the right play. That’s just been my M.O. That’s how I was taught the game. I’ve done that my whole career. There was not even one second-guessing that.” Doncic and his fiancée announced the birth of their second child Saturday in an Instagram post, per Thuc Nhi Nguyen of The Los Angeles Times (subscription required). Doncic didn’t play in Friday’s game, but he has been removed from the team’s injury report for Sunday. Repost Share Send via email Categories:Los Angeles Lakers LeBron James Luka Doncic Marcus Smart