Who's No. 12? Lakers' Jake LaRavia shows off shirt featuring Anthony Edwards' questionLos Angeles Lakers2dBrianna WilliamsRisers and fallers: Add Jaylon Tyson, trade away LeBron James, LaMelo Ball2dSteve AlexanderBrianna WilliamsDec 5, 2025, 08:37 PM ETEmailPrintOpen Extended ReactionsWho is No. 12 on the Los Angeles Lakers? It's Jake LaRavia. And if you need any confirmation, just check out the forward's new shirt.Earlier in the season, LaRavia enjoyed an unlikely turn atop NBA headlines thanks to a memorable performance -- but an even more memorable quote from Minnesota Timberwolves star Anthony Edwards.In late October, with Lakers players out -- LeBron James, Luka Dončić, Marcus Smart and Gabe Vincent were all in street clothes -- the team rolled out a less familiar starting five, including LaRavia in his second straight start. The forward, who was drafted by the Timberwolves in 2022 and spent time with the Memphis Grizzlies and Sacramento Kings before joining the Lakers, made the most of the opportunity.LaRavia's 17-point third quarter against Minnesota tied his career high for a quarter. He also ha key moment early in the fourth, hitting a 3 to put the Lakers up 105-89 -- and catching Edwards' attention.Timberwolves fans noticed, too.Audio from the FanDuel Sports Network broadcast picked up a Wolves fan yelling, "Who is No. 12?" Edwards, on bench in street clothes with an injury of his own, threw his hands in the air and shouted back, "That's what I'm saying! I don't know!"LaRavia finished L.A.'s 116-115 win -- sealed by an Austin Reaves game winner -- with 27 points and eight rebounds, becoming the first Lakers player with at least 25 points on 90% shooting in a game since Pau Gasol in 2010, per ESPN Research.The forward has been willing to lean further into the bit since. Afterward, he took to Instagram with a post that used Edwards' exchange with the fan as his caption, adding a shrug emoji. And on Friday, LaRavia showed off a custom shirt with the quote. View this post on Instagram A post shared by NBA on ESPN  Needless to say, LaRavia isn't shying away from making the most of his unexpected moment in the spotlight. After a win over the Miami Heat in early November, he even offered his thanks to Edward to helping him take center stage."I find that kind of stuff funny because I am not well-known at this moment. So, I'm just hedown, working hard that's all I do. ... Shoutout Anthony Edwards for allowing that clip to go viral. Yeah, I think it's good, I think it's funny," LaRavia said.