< > Hicks, ex-owner of Rangers and Stars, dies at 79Texas Rangers10hMariners land LHP Ferrer from Nats for prospectsWashington Nationals20hJorge CastilloFBI docs: MLB looked into Rose earlier than known2dMichael Rothstein and William WeinbaumWilliams: 'Good situation' if Diaz returns as closerNew York Mets2dJorge CastilloPirates send Oviedo to Red Sox in 5-player dealBoston Red Sox3dJorge CastilloMets claim Red Sox castoff Criswell from waiversBoston Red Sox2dJorge CastilloWashington joining Giants staff as infield coachSan Francisco Giants3dAlden GonzalezGray: With BoSox, 'It's easy to hate the Yankees'Boston Red Sox3dMLB free agency tracker: 2025-26 offseason trades, movesSeattle Mariners2dESPNWhat Buster Olney, Jeff Passan are hearing about Schwarber's suitors, top free agents and blockbuster tradesAtlanta Braves2dBuster Olney and Jeff PassanWho has the most work to do? Where all 30 MLB teams stand aheof winter meetingsCleveland Guardians3dBradford DoolittleWill there be baseball in 2027? Is a salary cap coming? What you need to know about MLB's looming labor battle﻿6dAlden Gonzalez, +2 MoreFantasy baseball: Hot stove analysis of offseason trades and free agent signings2dTristan H. Cockcroft and Eric KarabellAssociated PressDec 7, 2025, 02:44 AM ETEmailPrintDALLAS -- Tom Hicks, the Texas businessman and philanthropist who owned two Dallas-area professional sports franchises and an English Premier League soccer team, died Saturday. He was 79.Spokesperson Lisa LeMaster said in statement that Hicks died peacefully in Dallas surrounded by family.Hicks owned the NHL's Dallas Stars from 1995 to 2011, winning the Stanley Cup in 1999. He also owned baseball's Texas Rangers from 1998 to 2010, leading them to three American League West Division titles and a World Series appearance. In 2007, he acquired a 50% stake in Liverpool."Being shoulder to shoulder with him was always about more than ballparks and stadiums, though," Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said in a statement. "It was about personal respect, trust and friendship. We shared a lot of miles together, and I'll miss him greatly. My heart goes out to his family."Hicks co-founded Hicks & Haas in 1984 and helped reshape private equity and investing strategy. He served on the University of Texas' board of regents from 1994 to 1999."Tom Hicks was an innovative businessman and a pioneer in private equity," fellow Texas businessman Ross Perot Jr. said in a statement. "He combined his commitment to business and sports through his ownership of the Stars and the Rangers."One of Hicks' most notable moments with the Rangers came 25 years ago at baseball's winter meetings in Dallas, when the team signed Alex Rodriguez, then a 25-year-old All-Star shortstop, to a 10-year, $252 million contract in free agency.A-Rod's deal at the time was $2 million more than Hicks hpaid to buy the entire team 2½ years earlier. It also doubled the previous record for a sports contract, the six-year, $126 million agreement in October 1997 between forward Kevin Garnett and the NBA's Minnesota Timberwolves.Rodriguez led the American League in homers in all three of his seasons with the Rangers, totaling 156 in that span, but they han overall record of 216-270. He was traded to the New York Yankees at the start of spring training in 2004.The Rangers' first World Series appearance in October 2010 came after the team was bought that August by an ownership group that included Hall of Fame pitcher Nolan Ryan. After an initial agreement to buy the team from Hicks at that start of that year, a messy bankruptcy case ensued before the group finally acquired it at auction with a bid valued at $590 million.The Stars, the NHL franchise that moved from Minnesota before the 1993-94 season, became the league's first champion from the Sun Belt when they raised the Stanley Cup in 1999 after beating the Buffalo Sabres in Game 6. They made the Stanley Cup Final again the following season, losing a six-game series to the New Jersey Devils.Brett Hull scored the Cup-winning goal for the Stars in 1999. Hicks hsigned him to a three-year, $17 million contract in free agency the previous summer after Hull hbeen an All-Star in seven of his previous 11 seasons with the St. Louis Blues.Before the 2001-02 season, the Stars moved a few blocks in downtown Dallas, from Reunion Arena to the American Airlines Center, where the team still plays. The Stars, too, went into bankruptcy before being acquired by Canadian businessman Tom Gaglardi in 2011.The Stars in a statement Sunday lauded the team's unprecedented on-ice success under Hicks' ownership."He also played an instrumental role in the development and planning of the American Airlines Center, along with the grassroots growth of hockey through the creation of numerous StarCenter facilities," the team said. "Our franchise would not be in the position we are today without the ownership of Mr. Hicks. His legacy will be honored by our franchise for decades to come."Hicks served as a paratrooper in the Army Reserves and was commissioner of the American Battle Monuments Commission.He is survived by his wife of 35 years, Cinda Cree Hicks, and his six children: Thomas Ollis Hicks Jr., Mack Hardin Hicks, John Alexander Hicks, Robert Bradley Hicks, William Cree Hicks and Catherine Forgrave Hicks."Of everything he accomplished in his remarkable life, Tom Hicks's most cherished title was, 'Dad,'" his children said in a joint statement. "No matter the trials and tribulations he faced in life, he was constant in his generosity and love for his family. He remains a guiding force for our family, and we are deeply honored to continue expanding his legacy. Although we are devastated by this loss, we are profoundly grateful to have been his children."The Rangers in a statement Sunday described Hicks as "a passionate and competitive owner and Texas Rangers fan. The club extends its thoughts and prayers to Mr. Hicks' wife Cinda, his six children and his entire family as they mourn a legendary Texas businessman, philanthropist, and sportsman."