< > Transfer rumors, news: Real Madrid, Man Utd target Mouzakitis chooses next club2hESPNVancouver's Cinderella run to MLS Cup falls short but brings hope for 20266hCesar Hernandez2026 World Cup predictions: Group-by-group takeaways, must-see games2dESPN2026 World Cup draw: How the U.S. matches up against group stage foes2dMultiple contributorsWorld Cup draw: What are Argentina, Brazil, CONMEBOL's chances of success?2hTim VickeryMiami's maiden MLS Cup title caps off a long ambitious project19hLizzy BecheranoArsenal's thrilling late loss at Aston Villa blows title race wide open1dJames Olley2026 FIFA World Cup: Format, groups, schedule, more21hESPN2026 World Cup draw as it happened: groups, matches, reaction2dESPNBuzz: World Cup draw shakes up odds as Spain stays favorite and challengers shiftLA Clippers22hESPNEarly bets for the 2026 FIFA World Cup: Morocco to shine, Australia to struggle2dVictoria MatiashplayDoes Xabi Alonso know his best XI for Real Madrid? (1:41)The ESPN FC crew discuss Xabi Alonso's mixed start to life as Real Madrid manager. (1:41)ESPNDec 7, 2025, 12:00 PM ETEmailPrintReal Madrid and Manchester United target Christos Mouzakitis has made his choice of preferred destination if he leaves Olympiacos, while a host of Premier League clubs are chasing Spain international striker Samu Aghehowa. Join us for the latest transfer news and rumors from around the globe.Transfers home page | Men's grades | Women's gradesTOP STORIES- Salah slams Liverpool treatment, hints at January exit - Messi bids 'special' farewell to Alba, Busquets - Miami chief: Luis Suárez's future is his decisionTRENDING RUMORS- Olympiacos star Christos Mouzakitis prefers a move to Real Madrid rather than Manchester United, according to Football Insider. Ruben Amorim is keen to make midfield reinforcements both in January and in the summer, and 18-year-old Mouzakatis is seen as the perfect candidate to inject some fresh impetus into the Red Devils' midfield. However, the bnews for Amorim is that Los Blancos boss Xabi Alonso is also a big fan of the midfielder, and the Greek international is excited by the lure of playing in the Spanish capital.- Tottenham Hotspur, Newcastle United and Aston Villa are all set to miss out on strike target Samu Aghehowa, who could now stay at FC Porto, according to TEAMtalk. The 21-year-old has scored 25 league goals since his arrival in Portugal from Atlético Madrid in 2024, and his form has seen him win an international call-up for Spain, as well as alerted a number of clubs in England to his talents. Aghehowa is a top target for Spurs who need attacking reinforcements in January, but Porto have placed an €80m release clause in his contract. Porto have now also stated that they won't part with him in the winter transfer window, as he forms a major part of a team in contention for its first league title since 2022.- Manchester United have declined an offer from AS Roma for forward Joshua Zirkzee, according to Corriere Dello Sport. The Italian club is keen to land the Netherlands international on loan in January with an option to make the deal permanent, but it has been rejected by United on the basis that the activation of the release clause was based on the Giallorossi qualifying for a UEFA Champions League place. United officials are happy for the 24-year-old to leave the club in January but would prefer the deal was permanent. Zirkzee has featured in eight matches in all competitions this season.- Liverpool will accept offers of around £15m for Ibrahima Konaté in January if they can find a replacement, according to Football Insider. Liverpool remain heavily interested in signing Marc Guéhi from Crystal Palace but face growing competition from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Real Madrid. The Reds could be forced to look elsewhere, but it's clear a decision on Konaté needs to be made. The 26-year-old France international's contract comes to an end next summer, and he has made a number of key mistakes this season.- Lyon have contacted Chelsea over the availability of central defender Axel Disasi on a loan deal until the end of the season, according to L'Equipe. The French side is in desperate need of cover for Clinton Mata and Moussa Niakhaté, both AFCON-bound, and think Disasi is a solid short-term option, even though Lyon are concerned by his lack of minutes this season. Meanwhile, CaughtOffside reports that the defender is a target for Newcastle United and Borussia Dortmund, among others. Dortmund and Newcastle are also making enquiries about a permanent deal, with the German club in particular keen to add someone at the heart of defense for the second half of the season. Juventus, West Ham United and Galatasaray are all monitoring the situation.EXPERT TAKEESPN's Mark Ogden analyzes Mohamed Salah's decision to give an explosive interview after being dropped by Liverpool once again:By saying he hbeen "thrown under the bus" by the club, adding that "someone wants me to get all the blame," Salah adopted the same tactic used by Cristiano Ronaldo when his explosive interview with Piers Morgan in November 2022 made his exit from Manchester United inevitable.Ronaldo said he "felt betrayed" by United and spoke of a broken relationship with then-manager Erik ten Hag. Salah might have been reading from the same script when he unleashed his frustrations at Elland Road, and his words might yet leto the same outcome as Ronaldo's: a swift move to the Saudi Pro League and a tarnished legacy at the club where he became a legend.Salah hbeen named as a substitute for the third successive game by Slot, and the Egypt international made it clear that he has been bruised and hurt by the demotion.But here's the thing: Salah's performances this season have been so far below his best -- just five goals in 19 appearances -- that Slot hgiven him more than enough time to emerge from his form slump before taking the bold decision to drop his star player.- Ogden: Salah's Liverpool outburst has echoes of Ronaldo's Man Utd exitplay1:46Hutchison sees 'no way back' for Mohamed Salah at LiverpoolDon Hutchison reacts to Mohamed Salah's critical post-match comments about his treatment at Liverpool following the team's 3-3 draw vs. Leeds United.OTHER RUMORS- Liverpool's bid for Marc Guéhi could be thwarted by Barcelona, who are set to make a precontract offer in January. (Ekrem Konur)- Manchester United could allow Marcus Rashford to leave next summer to Paris Saint-Germain in a move that could see Bradley Barcola hein the other direction. (Football Insider)- Juventus could face competition from Saudi club Al Qadisiya for Marseille defender Leonardo Balerdi. The 26-year-old is contracted until 2028. (Calciomercato)- Yann Sommer's future at Inter Milan is in doubt after talks about his contract have stalled. The 36-year-old's contract ends in the summer, but negotiations are stationary. (Nico Schira)- Rangers look set to fail in their efforts to persuade 19-year-old Bailey Rice to stay beyond next summer, and Aston Villa and Sunderland are both looking to take advantage. West Bromwich Albion and Cardiff City are also keen. (Football Insider)- Manchester United are considering Wolves midfielder João Gomes as a potential target insteof Carlos Baleba, Adam Wharton and Elliot Anderson. (TEAMtalk)- Porto are among the European clubs chasing Vasco De Gama forward Rayan despite the 19-year-old having recently signed a contract extension until 2028. The new deal doesn't block a move to Europe in the summer of 2026, and Vasco could be tempted by an offer of €25m. (Ekrem Konur)- Santiago Castro looks set to disappoint Premier League clubs interested in his services by extending his contract at Bologna until 2030. The Italians are reluctant to let him leave, and talks have so far been extremely positive. (Nico Schira)- Juventus remain confident of reaching an agreement with Kenan Yildiz over a new contract, but they face strong competition for his signature from a number of Premier League clubs. Barcelona and Real Madrid are also interested. (Calciomercato)- Aston Villa are pushing for a move for Anderlecht midfielder Nathan de Cat. Villa boss Unai Emery sees the 26-year-old as the perfect partner for Boubacar Kamara and as such the club is preparing a bid of €22-25m plus bonuses. Anderlecht value the Belgian star at €35m. (Ekrem Konur)