Mobile Menu HEADLINES Franz Wagner Suffers Lower Left Leg Injury Sunday Malik Beasley Reportedly In Advanced Talks With Partizan Belgrade Nets’ Cam Thomas Begins On-Court Work, But Remains Out Noa Essengue Out For Season With Shoulder Injury Stein: Mavs Plan To Eventually Promote Ryan Nembhard Paolo Banchero Cleared To Return For Magic Mavs’ Dereck Lively Seeking Multiple Opinions For Foot Injury Cavaliers Fined $250K For Player Participation Violation Register Login MLB Trade RumorsPro Football RumorsPro Hockey Rumors Current NBA Free Agents 2026 NBA Free Agents By Position/Type 2026 NBA Free Agents By Team 2025 NBA Offseason Trades Hoops Rumors Glossary Go To MLB Trade Rumors Go To Pro Hockey Rumors Mavs’ Dereck Lively Seeking Multiple Opinions For Foot Injury December 4th 2025 at 3:51pm CST by Rory Maher Mavericks center Dereck Lively II is seeking multiple opinions on the next steps to take to treat his injured right foot, according to the team (Twitter link). Lively was spotted in a walking boot during Wednesday’s shootaround, tweets Christian Clark of The Athletic. The 12th overall pick in the 2023 draft, Lively last played on November 21 against New Orleans. He has been sidelined with swelling and discomfort in his right foot — the same foot which was surgically repaired over the summer. Marc Stein reported last week that Dallas was concerned Lively could miss an extended period of time, with the team subsequently stating he would be out at least seven-to-10 days — this is the first update on his status since then. Lively appeared in the first three games of the season before missing the next nine due to a right knee sprain. The third-year center suited up for four of Dallas’ next six contests, sitting twice during back-to-back sets, before the foot became an issue again. Even when Lively has been available this season, he has been on a minutes limit. In seven outings (four starts), the 21-year-old has averaged 4.3 points, 5.3 rebounds, 1.9 assists, and 1.6 blocks in 16.4 minutes per night. The right foot is the same one that Lively injured at the beginning of the year. He was diagnosed in January with a small fracture in his foot/ankle area, which sidelined him until April and limited him to 36 total games in 2024/25. He averaged 8.7 PPG, 7.5 RPG, 2.4 APG, and 1.6 BPG in 23.1 MPG in those 36 appearances. Repost Share Send via email Categories:Dallas Mavericks Newsstand Dereck Lively View Comments (5) 5 thoughts on “Mavs’ Dereck Lively Seeking Multiple Opinions For Foot Injury” mlbnyyfan • 3 days ago If this guy ever gets healthy they could trade AD. Never should be in Dallas. Tanking on purpose so Knicks don’t get a pick that year. I’m still holding a grudge. 2 Reply KnickerbockerAl • 3 days ago Being its the same one he hsurgery on. Has to be concerning. Get well player ….. 1 Reply Spike4christ • 3 days ago Who eve the surgeon is should be doing alm he can! Reply Luke 207 • 3 days ago Draft him when he’s young then immediately start him in the NBA. Duhhhhhhh. I told you this two years ago this would happen Reply I Like Big Bunts • 3 days ago Love them Mavericks doctors! Thanks Nico! 3 Reply Leave a Reply Cancel replyPlease login to leave a reply.Log in Register