NBA odds, picks, best bets for Wednesday, Dec. 3 from proven model: This 3-leg parlay returns nearly +600 After 10,000 simulations, SportsLine's model reveals its top NBA picks today By Daniel Lewis Dec 3, 2025 at 4:30 pm ET • 2 min reJoin the Conversation comments Imagn Images There are nine games on the Wednesday NBA schedule, and it's a condensed window for start times with every game tipping between 7 and 8:30 p.m. ET. That means there will be a lot of simultaneous action, and plenty of intriguing NBA parlay opportunities. Some of the notable NBA odds for Wednesday include Magic (-8.5) vs. Spurs, Pistons (-4.5) vs. Bucks and Heat (-5) vs. Mavericks. Which NBA lines have the most value on Wednesday, and how should you structure your NBA best bets for this slate? Before locking in any NBA picks, you'll want to see the NBA predictions and betting advice from SportsLine's proven computer model.New users can target the DraftKings promo code, which offers $200 in bonus bets if your $5 bet wins:The SportsLine Projection Model simulates every NBA game 10,000 times and has returned well over $10,000 in betting profit for $100 players on its top-rated NBA picks over the past eight seasons. The model enters Week 7 of the 2025-26 NBA season on a sizzling 29-14 roll on top-rated NBA sprepicks dating back to last season. Anyone following its NBA betting advice at sportsbooks and on betting apps could have seen huge returns.Now, the model has scoured the latest NBA odds and locked in three confident NBA best bets. If you successfully parlay its picks, you'd be looking at a payout of nearly +600. You can only see the model's NBA picks at SportsLine.New users can also check out the latest FanDuel promo code and get $150 in bonus bets instantly at FanDuel if your $5 bet wins:Top NBA picks for Wednesday, Dec. 3After simulating every game 10,000 times, the model is backing the Bulls (-8) to cover against the Nets in an 8 p.m. ET tip at the United Center. Chicago has dropped four straight and is 9-11 on the season, but this is more about fading the Nets, who have one of the worst records in the league at 4-16. With Cam Thomas (hamstring) still out, the Nets have honly one reliable scoring option in Michael Porter Jr. Defenses, however, have been able to key in on him, and no other player is averaging more than 13.6 points per game to help him out. Brooklyn has also allowed the highest opponent shooting percentage (50.1%) this season as teams have been able to score efficiently on the Nets. SportsLine's model projects a 124-109 win for Chicago as the Bulls cover in well over 60% of simulations. See which other NBA parlay picks to make here, and bet that pick right here:How to make NBA predictions for Wednesday, December 3The model also has locked in two other picks, including backing an A-rated pick that hits nearly 70% of the time. You can only see the model's NBA parlay at SportsLine.What are the model's top NBA parlay picks for Wednesday, and which best bets should you target for a chance at a payout of nearly +600? Visit SportsLine now to see NBA best bets from a model that's returned more than $10,000 on top-rated picks, and find out.