Pat Spencer Making Case For Promotion From Two-Way Deal December 7th 2025 at 8:32am CST by Rory Maher In the two games leading up to Saturday’s contest in Cleveland, third-year point guard Pat Spencer averaged 16.5 points, 5.0 assists (against only 1.0 turnover), 3.5 rebounds and 1.0 steal on .591/.750/1.000 shooting in just 22.5 minutes per night. With the Warriors shorthanded on Saturday, Spencer made his first NBA start and delivered the best performance of his career, writes Monte Poole of NBC Sports Bay Area. Spencer, who is on a two-way contract, was plus-nine in 29 minutes during Golden State’s 99-94 victory, recording a team- and career-high 19 points, a game-high seven assists (vs. one turnover), four rebounds and a steal. He shot 7-of-12 from the field, including 3-of-4 from three-point range, with 12 of his points coming in the fourth quarter as the Cavaliers mounted a comeback bid that fell short. “We’ve seen the competitiveness,” hecoach Steve Kerr said of Spencer. “We’ve seen what a good player he is over the past couple years. But he’s really improved his jump shot. That’s the big thing. Last year, he would turn down a lot of threes, drive in, shoot a lot of floaters. He’s never going to be Steph (Curry), but he’s a threat out there. That’s what it takes. You have to be a threat from the line to pull the defense out. I just think now the shot quality we’re getting with him on the floor is way better than it was the last couple years. “And the other thing is that his coach realizes that Pat is that motherf—er. That became clear.” As Anthony Slater of ESPN details, Kerr was referencing a viral moment during Thursday’s game in Philadelphia, when Spencer made a three-pointer to put the Warriors up five with 1:12 remaining and twice yelled “I’m that motherf—er” to the crowd. Golden State trailed by as many as 26 points in that game and ultimately lost in a chaotic and entertaining finish, but Spencer made his mark. After a Cleveland run trimmed Golden State’s leto five on Saturday with seven minutes remaining, Spencer hit back-to-back threes and again talked trash to the rocrowd. Up three with 4.3 seconds left, Spencer sealed the victory with two free throws, waiving goodbye to Cleveland fans after the first make. “We’ll take any win we can get right now,” Spencer said, per Poole. “Great energy in the locker room, just competing our butts off tonight. We’re trying to weather the storm until we get healthy. But yeah, we’re fired up.” Spencer has han unusual journey to the NBA. The 29-year-old was one of the top college lacrosse players in NCAA history, holding the Division I men’s career mark for most assists during his four-year stay at Loyola University Maryland. He gave up lacrosse to pursue his NBA dream, playing one year of college ball as a graduate student for Northwestern before catching on with the Warriors’ G League affiliate in Santa Cruz. Spencer hhis two-way contract converted to a standard deal toward the end of last season so he would be playoff-eligible, Slater notes, then the Warriors brought him back on another two-way contract this fall. The team currently has a full 15-man standard roster and wouldn’t be able to promote Spencer without making other moves. Still, a promotion later in the season seems likely, particularly if he continues playing the way he has been recently. Two-way players can be active for up to 50 games, and Spencer has been available for all 24 of the Warriors’ contests in 2025/26. “It’s fun to watch a guy who has hto fight for everything finally get his moment and not only seize it but grab it by the neck,” Kerr said, according to Slater. “This guy is a competitor.” Repost Share Send via email Categories:Golden State Warriors Pat Spencer