Injury Notes: SGA, Thunder, Booker, Essengue, Schröder December 7th 2025 at 9:54am CST by Rory Maher Reigning MVP Shai Gilgeous-Alexander will miss his first game of the season on Sunday when the Thunder face the Jazz in Utah, tweets Clemente Almanza of Thunder Wire. Gilgeous-Alexander is dealing with bursitis in his left elbow, per the team. The superstar guard is one of seven Oklahoma City players who will be out Sunday. Others include rotation members Luguentz Dort (right adductor strain), Alex Caruso (right qucontusion), Isaiah Joe (left knee soreness) and Isaiah Hartenstein (right soleus strain). Here are more injury notes from around the NBA: Suns hecoach Jordan Ott provided an update on star guard Devin Booker on Friday, according to Duane Rankin of The Arizona Republic (Twitter video link). Booker is recovering from a right groin strain and could return for Wednesday’s NBA Cup quarterfinal at Oklahoma City. “We’ll continue to assess him day-by-day, but he’s been through this before,” Ott said. “So he knows exactly where he’s at and his body and he’s made good progress in a short amount of time. … If his body is feeling good and he’s in a good place, he’ll absolutely be available (Wednesday).” Speaking to the media on Saturday, Bulls lottery pick Noa Essengue said his season-ending shoulder left injury was a dislocation, as K.C. Johnson of the Chicago Sports Network relays (via Twitter). The French forward added that he dislocated the same shoulder a couple of years ago and his surgery is scheduled for Wednesday. Kings point guard Dennis Schröder was out again last night in Miami due to a right hip flexor strain, notes Jason Anderson of The Sacramento Bee (Twitter link). While Schröder’s strain is “mild” and he’s considered day-to-day, he has now missed five straight games, last suiting up on Nov. 24 vs. Minnesota. Repost Share Send via email Categories:Chicago Bulls Oklahoma City Thunder Phoenix Suns Sacramento Kings Alex Caruso Dennis Schröder Devin Booker Isaiah Hartenstein Isaiah Joe Luguentz Dort Noa Essengue Shai Gilgeous-Alexander