< > 'The Hoop Collective': The best quotes and latest intel from Windhorst's podcast2dESPNNBA Power Rankings: What is each team's biggest weakness?Washington Wizards4dNBA insidersChris Paul's 'get-better mentality' paved the way for OKC's dominanceOklahoma City Thunder4dTim MacMahonRisers and fallers: Add Ryan Nembhard, consider parting with Jaren Jackson2dSteve AlexanderDon't be surprised if ... Hart, Bridges are among top 25 players this season3dEric KarabellESPNDec 12, 2025, 10:48 AM ETEmailPrint"The Hoop Collective" podcast, hosted by ESPN's Brian Windhorst, releases episodes every Monday, Wednesday and Friday during the NBA season. Windhorst and his guests break down what's happening on and off the court, evaluating the trends you need to know and examining the latest news from across the NBA.Listen to 'The Hoop Collective': ESPN | Spotify | YouTube | Apple | Amazon | iHeartMedia | TuneInLatest episodes: Dec. 12: Do the Lakers need to make a move? And what teams to watch at the deadlineBrian was joined by ESPN's Vincent Goodwill and Bobby Marks to discuss the Lakers' weaknesses that were exposed by the Spurs in the NBA Cup and whether Los Angeles needs to address these concerns before the trade deadline. The trio also talked about how San Antonio's young talent is aheof schedule before moving on to the challenges of an NBA rebuild and the chance that this Oklahoma City Thunder team will be historic. They then closed the podcast by discussing which players and teams to watch aheof the trade deadline.Topics: 2:32: Do the Lakers need to make deadline moves? 8:17: Is San Antonio aheof schedule? 18:48: The challenges of rebuilding in today's NBA 26:02: Thunder's historic domination 46:21: Who to watch this trade season?Windhorst on how the Lakers could improve after the NBA Cup loss: "I think in addition to what we're going to learn about the Spurs, which we'll talk about in a second, this is what the Lakers have to think about as trade season sort of opens on Monday. There was a time this year where I'm not sure whether the Lakers could have looked at this team and said, 'Yeah, we need to really try to do something to fix this roster if we're going to be contenders.'"But they're playing strong enough that they should consider it. And [the NBA Cup loss] just drove home that they really need some wing athleticism, wing defense; if they were entering in a playoff series with the Spurs, that would be something where [they] would be pretty concerned."Windhorst on whether trades will start happening Monday: "I don't think there's going to be trades happening next week, but it coincides with the point in the season where teams start to make some decisions about the ineptitude or ... Certainly we start hearing more rumors, but we ha trade last year on the first day players were eligible and Dennis Schroder was traded from Brooklyn to Golden State."And I think going into Monday we'll have eyes on Chris Paul as far as to figure out ... But I think the total number is 90% of the NBA's trade-eligible as of Monday."Dec. 10: The Knicks' chances in the East, and can OKC break the NBA wins record?Brian is joined by Tim Bontemps and Tim MacMahon to talk about the New York Knicks' and Orlando Magic's big wins in Tuesday's Emirates NBA Cup quarterfinals and if the Knicks have a chance to take control of the Eastern Conference. The trio then moves on to preview Wednesday's NBA Cup games (Phoenix Suns at Oklahoma City Thunder and San Antonio Spurs at Los Angeles Lakers) before discussing the Thunder could potentially win 70-plus games this season.Topics:2:11: Knicks advance to NBA Cup semifinals 10:37: Desmond Bane leads Magic to NBA Cup semifinals 22:19: Wednesday's quarterfinal preview 22:13: Do the Suns have any hope vs. the Thunder? 31:40: Suns improving the organizational culture 36:58: Expectations for Spurs at Lakers 48:33: Difficulty of the NBA scheduleBontemps on the Knicks' momentum in the East: "OG Anunoby is back healthy. you look up and down the East, there's either main stars out like [Jayson] Tatum obviously in Boston or these other teams are a MASH unit. And that's again like the Knicks have a chance right now if they can have a good month or six weeks. We'll see if Vegas can be a springboard for them."Bontemps on whether the Thunder can win 70 games: "Of course, they can win 70. can they stake a claim to be the best team we've ever seen potentially? Because if they go 74-8 or 75-7 and they win the title -- which obviously the late the Warriors did not do the latter part... 8: LeBron turns back the clock and Boston's outlookBrian is joined by ESPN's Tim Bontemps and Tim MacMahon to talk about LeBron James and the Los Angeles Lakers' bounce--back performance against the Philadelphia 76ers and why the Boston Celtics' recent success has opened the door for a potential Jayson Tatum return. They then discuss Pat Spencer's recent run with Golden State, the Chicago Bulls' current slump and the Memphis Grizzlies' turnaround before closing on the latest updates from the Terry Rozier situation.Topics: 2:27: LeBron and the Lakers get a clutch win 15:34: Celtics starting to figure things out/Tatum return? 28:54: Spencer stepping up for the Warriors 32:17: Bulls' downturn 36:27: Memphis' recent form 44:00: The latest on the Terry Rozier situation and what it means for the Heat 1:06:41: "Where in the World is Windy?"MacMahon on LeBron's role with the Lakers: "They need LeBron to be a really good third option, which tonight, [Austin] Reaves stunk and LeBron picked up the slack but I think it's silly to judge LeBron based on the standard that he's set over the previous two decades. Honestly, the Lakers don't really need him to be that player. I would say, you know, they need defensive upgrades more than anything else at this point."But if LeBron is a good third option, then the Lakers are one of the league's more potent offensive teams, as long as Luka [Doncic] and Reaves stay healthy."Bontemps on the possibility of Tatum's return: "The Jayson Tatum question becomes more interesting by the day if they continue to win games and look like they could be a team that could be a factor in the playoffs without him. But these guys have proven playoff experience.Basically none of these other teams do."Bontemps on the Rozier situation: "I think if they believe that Terry Rozier were not able to be traded, they would just use the roster spot on somebody else.I think the fact he's on the roster leaves open a pretty decent possibility that now maybe they will find a trade they like [or] maybe they cut him the next day and then they go after the trade deadline to go do something else with the roster spot. 5: Why a Giannis trade is so challengingBrian is joined by ESPN's Vincent Goodwill and Anthony Slater to discuss the likelihood of a Giannis Antetokounmpo trade in Milwaukee, including what teams would make the most sense for the two-time MVP and why a deal could be hard to make. Then the trio talks Cooper Flagg's continued improvement in Dallas, Chris Paul's untimely exit from the LA Clippers and Chet Holmgren's evolution since his injury last season in Oklahoma City.Topics: 1:44: Latest on Giannis trade possibilities 7:02: Flagg impressing each day 8:26: Will Giannis leave Milwaukee? 23:22: Paul's unique Clippers exit 32:36: Injured Warriors limping along -- any hope for offensive improvement? 39:43: Holmgren's next steps in Oklahoma CityWindhorst on why a Bucks trade is difficult: "What I'm telling you is that when I talk to executives and these executives are not in trade talks with the Bucks or another for a star player right now, the mood in the NBA right now is not give up four first-round picks for anybody. That's just not going to happen."Windhorst on the Giannis trade market: "I can hear somebody out there listening to this podcast saying, 'What are you talking about? This is Giannis. Giannis will go for two star players and six firsts.' Maybe that will happen. I'm just reporting back."Goodwill on the Paul fallout in LA: "I think it shows maybe the desperation of how they wanted to get out of the Chris Paul business. It's not like Chris Paul is playing 30 minutes a night. Like it shows you the level of exhaustion that the Clippers have felt from this."Dec. 3: Concerns for the Lakers? Flagg's improvementBrian is joined by ESPN's Tim Bontemps and Tim MacMahon to talk over the latest concern levels with LeBron James' recent struggles and if the Los Angeles Lakers roster fits together defensively, including Dillon Brooks' notable game against them. The crew then discusses the LA Clippers' bleak start to the season and the injuries stacking up for the Denver Nuggets before MacMahon hands out his monthly award.Topics:0:45: Brooks instilling physicality in Phoenix 8:17: Concerns with LeBron's play? 13:33: Can Luka, LeBron and Reaves defend as a trio? 16:07: Disaster continues for the Clippers 18:52: Youth leveling up in Dallas 24:43: Denver defense lacking with injuries 26:46: Cojones Factor Player of the Month 34:37: Challenge for OKC keeping talent 36:21: Danilo Gallinari's unique career 42:24: Jimmy V WeekBontemps on LeBron's current play: "I was pretty taken aback at how old he looked on the court and he didn't look like you ever ran at any point in the game. Look, he was mostly just jogging, and I thought the moment of the night, frankly, was Dillon Brooks goes up for a layup, LeBron loads up to come flying in and do his patented block off the backboard and it looked like he ha parachute attached to the back of him and he just didn't get there in time."Bontemps on the Lakers' defensive struggles: "Well, the other thing too, it's only five games. But 91 minutes in five games, Luka, Austin [Reaves] and LeBron together getting outscored by nine points per possessions -- defensive rating 120.6. That ranked 20[th] and would rank 27th aheof Brooklyn, Washington and Utah, who obviously was not doing a lot of attempting to win in games last year."MacMahon on the Denver injuries and defensive woes: "It's ' -enver' -- ain't no 'D.' It is the 'Enver Nuggets' right now, fellas.And look, it sucks that Christian Braun went down and then that especially Gordon got hurt and and they're both going to be out for a while.Gordon is a Grade 2 hammy that's reevaluated in four to six weeks. In the five games since Aaron Gordon suffered that hamstring strain, they are first in offense, the Denver Nuggets, and delast in defense, 127.3 points allowed per 100 possessions