< > Amorim says he still needs time to build his Man United team. How much more will he get?7hRob DawsonMessi leads Miami to 'beautiful' 1st MLS Cup title13hCesar HernandezMohamed Salah criticised by ex-Liverpool stars: 'Making it all about him - you can't do it'5hESPNMohamed Salah slams Liverpool treatment, hints at January exit21hBeth LindopMessi bids 'special' farewell to Alba, Busquets with MLS Cup19hLizzy BecheranoFIFA reveals full 2026 World Cup match schedule1dVancouver Whitecaps shed 'proud tears' as MLS Cup dream ends18hCesar HernandezTorres nets 1st-half hat trick as Barça hit 5 in win23hAssociated PressArsenal suffer title blow after last-gasp Villa loss1dPALionel Messi exclusive: Argentina star talks World Cup, Inter Miami, more3dESPNSalah's Liverpool outburst has echoes of Ronaldo's Man United exit6hMark OgdenSalah's dramatic comments take centerstage in Liverpool's ongoing crisis18hBeth LindopTransfer rumors, news: Real Madrid, Man Utd target Mouzakitis chooses next club1hESPNVancouver's Cinderella run to MLS Cup falls short but brings hope for 20265hCesar Hernandez2026 World Cup predictions: Group-by-group takeaways, must-see games2dESPN2026 World Cup draw: How the U.S. matches up against group stage foes2dMultiple contributorsWorld Cup draw: What are Argentina, Brazil, CONMEBOL's chances of success?2hTim VickeryMiami's maiden MLS Cup title caps off a long ambitious project18hLizzy BecheranoArsenal's thrilling late loss at Aston Villa blows title race wide open1dJames Olley2026 FIFA World Cup: Format, groups, schedule, more20hESPN2026 World Cup draw as it happened: groups, matches, reaction2dESPNBuzz: World Cup draw shakes up odds as Spain stays favorite and challengers shiftLA Clippers22hESPNEarly bets for the 2026 FIFA World Cup: Morocco to shine, Australia to struggle2dVictoria MatiashplayBurley: Amorim's results not sustainable as Man United manager (1:28)Craig Burley and the ESPN FC crew discuss why Ruben Amorims results need to improve for him to keep his job as Manchester United manager. (1:28)Rob DawsonDec 7, 2025, 07:00 AM ETEmailPrintRuben Amorim likes to say that "we have a lot of problems in our club" when asked about the challenge he faces at Manchester United. Sometimes it's as if he thinks -- with news conferences usually lasting around 30 minutes at most -- that the issues are too many to list.The Portuguese coach rarely goes into specifics about why he's found the job so difficult, but occasionally he's hinted at something which is particularly troublesome. Ultimately, it's a problem which frames everything else at Old Trafford.Amorim is leading a long-term project -- but at a club which demands short-term success. It's a hard balancing act."We know we need time," Amorim said last week. "But there is no time in this club."- Man United still haven't shown they're worthy of a Champions League spot - Arsenal's thrilling late defeat at Aston Villa blows title race wide open - What do Big Six PL teams need to do aheof January's transfer window?Amorim is under pressure again after the 1-1 draw with West Ham United on Thursday. United travel to Wolverhampton Wanderers on Monday, and the fans making the trip to Molineux will do so with a degree of trepidation.Wolves haven't won a league game all season. They've only drawn two. The fear, however, will be that Rob Edwards -- appointed Wolves boss last month -- is due a result and that United are so inconsistent that an Everton team which played for more than 70 minutes with 10 men were able to beat them at Old Trafford two weeks ago.United lost 2-0 at Molineux last December despite Wolves, as now, languishing in the Premier League's relegation zone. There's plenty of worry among fans that it could happen again.Another defeat, against the team at rock bottom of the Premier League, and the scrutiny on Amorim will ramp up even further. There are already supporters calling for him to be replaced.Amorim knows that, in the situation he's in, he can't ask for patience, even though there's a strong case that he needs it. He perhaps feels that "time" is a dirty word when your Premier League record is 13 wins from 41 games.Still, there's no escaping the fact that Amorim's team is a work in progress. The forward line was revamped to the tune of £200 million over the summer -- with Matheus Cunha, Bryan Mbeumo and Benjamin Sesko all arriving for big money -- but the rest of the squhas largely been untouched since he arrived.He relies on a core of young players such as 22-year-old Sesko, Senne Lammens (23), AmDiallo (23), Patrick Dorgu (21) and Leny Yoro (20). When Yoro hto be taken out of the firing line after a poor performance against Crystal Palace, Amorim hto pick 19-year-old Ayden Heaven.They're all players United are betting on getting better. At the moment, though, they're not the finished article. In the last couple of weeks, Amorim has used the word "struggling" to describe Sesko and Dorgu.Argentina's FIFA World Cup-winning goalkeeper Emiliano Martínez (33) could have been signed insteof Lammens. England striker Ollie Watkins (29) was an alternative to Sesko. Both Martínez and Watkins would have made United better now, but it would have gone against the club-designated recruitment policy of bringing in younger players. Insteof Martinez and Watkins, the decision was made to sign players with one eye on the future. Still, despite their relative lack of experience, the likes of Sesko, Dorgu and Lammens are expected to be part of a team which wins right away."I think it's clear it's going to take time," said Amorim on Nov. 29. "Especially now in the Premier League when every other club is really prepared for everything. They are improving a lot. Then, we need to win now, if not, something is going to change and we know that. We just need to be better."It's not good to be Manchester United and not winning. There is no time here, so that's the feeling I have and why I'm frustrated all the time."In the aftermath of the draw with West Ham, Amorim appeared as frustrated as he has ever been as he conducted a spiky postmatch news conference. At the same time in the tunnel, right back Diogo Dalot was mapping out exactly why things feel like they're on such a knife's edge. He has been at the club long enough -- eight years next summer -- to know that even if United need time, you can't be the one to ask for it."I think we've shown this season that we can be a very good team, and we can beat anybody," he said. "Sometimes, it's not football qualities. It has to be from inside. It has to be from the anger and the drive that you have every day to win football games and to live your life like that."I'm not going to get into the 'We need time' thing. I think we have to win straight away because that's what the club demands, but it's a process."The next stage of United's process is to strengthen the areas of the squwhich are not up to standard. Amorim's system requires at least one high-energy midfielder as well as capable, specialist wing-backs -- of which he has neither.It was a conscious decision taken by the club in the summer to spend the bulk of the budget on improving the attacking options rather than sprethe funds around. It has given the squan uneven look, but CEO Omar Berrada and director of football Jason Wilcox have gone for phased improvement rather than a "shock and awe" transfer strategy. The plan, sources have told ESPN, is to sign a midfielder like Nottingham Forest's Elliot Anderson aheof next season, possibly two.That, though, will be of little comfort to Amorim as he prepares to make do with what he has at Wolves on Monday. The United manager, under pressure again, is facing a must-win game with a win-later squad.