Trail Blazers Notes: Billups, Dundon, Clingan, Avdija December 6th 2025 at 8:38pm CST by Arthur Hill Trail Blazers hecoach Chauncey Billups, who was placed on unpaid leave by the NBA following his October 23 arrest on federal charges related to gambling, has reached an agreement to sell his home in Oregon, according to Sean Highkin of Rose Garden Report (subscription required). A listing on Redfin states that the seller has accepted an offer on the Lake Oswego property, which ha $4.275MM list price. Highkin suggests that the pending sale could be a sign that Billups has accepted that he no longer has a coaching future with the team, even if he’s acquitted on the charges he’s facing. Billups’ next court appearance isn’t until March 4, and the judge in the case has indicated that the trial won’t start until September. Tiago Splitter has been serving as interim coach since Billups was arrested. Highkin states that Blazers officials may wait until the sale of the team to Tom Dundon‘s group becomes official before they announce a final decision on Billups. He adds that the team’s performance under Splitter for the rest of the season will help determine if the new ownership group decides to remove the interim tag and keep him in place or start fresh with a new coaching staff. Billups is among 31 defendants in a case involving illegal poker games connected to the mafia that were allegedly rigged through the use of doctored shuffling machines, marked cards and tables with built-in X-ray machines. He’s accused of being a “face card” whose reputation helped to attract big-money players to the games, and he could face up to 20 years in prison for each of two charges if convicted. There’s more from Portland: Dundon is nearing an agreement to sell a limited partner stake in the Carolina Hurricanes as he gets set to take over the Trail Blazers, multiple sources tell Mike Ozanian of CNBC (Twitter link). The NHL team is being valued at $2 billion in the deal, according to Ozanian, while Dundon is buying the Blazers for more than $4 billion. Donovan Clingan missed Friday’s game at Detroit with a contusion on his lower left leg and is listed as questionable for Sunday’s contest in Memphis, Highkin tweets. First-round pick Yang Hansen was recalled from the G League in case Clingan is unavailable. Deni Avdija‘s 35-point performance on Friday made him the highest-scoring Israeli player in NBA history, per Ethan Rubinson and Toi Staff of The Times of Israel. Avdija has 4,648 career points, six more than Omri Casspi. Repost Share Send via email Categories:Portland Trail Blazers Chauncey Billups Deni Avdija Donovan Clingan Tiago Splitter Tom Dundon Yang Hansen