Mobile Menu HEADLINES Franz Wagner Suffers Lower Left Leg Injury Sunday Malik Beasley Reportedly In Advanced Talks With Partizan Belgrade Nets’ Cam Thomas Begins On-Court Work, But Remains Out Noa Essengue Out For Season With Shoulder Injury Stein: Mavs Plan To Eventually Promote Ryan Nembhard Paolo Banchero Cleared To Return For Magic Mavs’ Dereck Lively Seeking Multiple Opinions For Foot Injury Cavaliers Fined $250K For Player Participation Violation Register Login MLB Trade RumorsPro Football RumorsPro Hockey Rumors Current NBA Free Agents 2026 NBA Free Agents By Position/Type 2026 NBA Free Agents By Team 2025 NBA Offseason Trades Hoops Rumors Glossary Go To MLB Trade Rumors Go To Pro Hockey Rumors Pat Spencer Making Case For Promotion From Two-Way Deal December 7th 2025 at 8:32am CST by Rory Maher In the two games leading up to Saturday’s contest in Cleveland, third-year point guard Pat Spencer averaged 16.5 points, 5.0 assists (against only 1.0 turnover), 3.5 rebounds and 1.0 steal on .591/.750/1.000 shooting in just 22.5 minutes per night. With the Warriors shorthanded on Saturday, Spencer made his first NBA start and delivered the best performance of his career, writes Monte Poole of NBC Sports Bay Area. Spencer, who is on a two-way contract, was plus-nine in 29 minutes during Golden State’s 99-94 victory, recording a team- and career-high 19 points, a game-high seven assists (vs. one turnover), four rebounds and a steal. He shot 7-of-12 from the field, including 3-of-4 from three-point range, with 12 of his points coming in the fourth quarter as the Cavaliers mounted a comeback bid that fell short. “We’ve seen the competitiveness,” hecoach Steve Kerr said of Spencer. “We’ve seen what a good player he is over the past couple years. But he’s really improved his jump shot. That’s the big thing. Last year, he would turn down a lot of threes, drive in, shoot a lot of floaters. He’s never going to be Steph (Curry), but he’s a threat out there. That’s what it takes. You have to be a threat from the line to pull the defense out. I just think now the shot quality we’re getting with him on the floor is way better than it was the last couple years. “And the other thing is that his coach realizes that Pat is that motherf—er. That became clear.” As Anthony Slater of ESPN details, Kerr was referencing a viral moment during Thursday’s game in Philadelphia, when Spencer made a three-pointer to put the Warriors up five with 1:12 remaining and twice yelled “I’m that motherf—er” to the crowd. Golden State trailed by as many as 26 points in that game and ultimately lost in a chaotic and entertaining finish, but Spencer made his mark. After a Cleveland run trimmed Golden State’s leto five on Saturday with seven minutes remaining, Spencer hit back-to-back threes and again talked trash to the rocrowd. Up three with 4.3 seconds left, Spencer sealed the victory with two free throws, waiving goodbye to Cleveland fans after the first make. “We’ll take any win we can get right now,” Spencer said, per Poole. “Great energy in the locker room, just competing our butts off tonight. We’re trying to weather the storm until we get healthy. But yeah, we’re fired up.” Spencer has han unusual journey to the NBA. The 29-year-old was one of the top college lacrosse players in NCAA history, holding the Division I men’s career mark for most assists during his four-year stay at Loyola University Maryland. He gave up lacrosse to pursue his NBA dream, playing one year of college ball as a graduate student for Northwestern before catching on with the Warriors’ G League affiliate in Santa Cruz. Spencer hhis two-way contract converted to a standard deal toward the end of last season so he would be playoff-eligible, Slater notes, then the Warriors brought him back on another two-way contract this fall. The team currently has a full 15-man standard roster and wouldn’t be able to promote Spencer without making other moves. Still, a promotion later in the season seems likely, particularly if he continues playing the way he has been recently. Two-way players can be active for up to 50 games, and Spencer has been available for all 24 of the Warriors’ contests in 2025/26. “It’s fun to watch a guy who has hto fight for everything finally get his moment and not only seize it but grab it by the neck,” Kerr said, according to Slater. “This guy is a competitor.” Repost Share Send via email Categories:Golden State Warriors Pat Spencer View Comments (11) 11 thoughts on “Pat Spencer Making Case For Promotion From Two-Way Deal” ARC 2 • 3 hours ago The question is whose spot he takes 1 Reply GaryRedSoxxWarriors • 3 hours ago Nobody right now. Give this a month. 1 Reply Giants74 • 3 hours ago Trade deadline is Feb 5th, give it 2 months. 1 Reply Michol • 1 hour ago Let Melton and Spencer fight it out. But usually it will work out by itself due to injuries. Warriors dont have to make ANY decisions any time soon though. 1 Reply Giants74 • 3 hours ago The Warriors have two months to the trade deadline. Spencer and Richard are making cases for minutes. Melton was a great fit his last stint. How does Seth fit in? Cyr could be be a guy to give a team hot shooting 5-10 minutes a night. It seems Heild would be the odd man out. Package him with Moody, or Podz, and they can land a youngish big plus some picks? Nothing of blockbuster nature is needed. But, let’s see what develops over the next two months. Reply Giants74 • 2 hours ago I don’t think the Warriors want to take on any big contracts. Right now, they only have $27 million on the books after the 27 season. $150 million to play with. Reply Real 2K Insider • 1 hour ago He’ll take Kuminga’s spot eventually. Half the neckbeards on this site want to cry wolf about Kerr. Meanwhile Kuminga gets his opportunity and absolutely **** the bed. If people want to cry about Kuminga playing less than Gui or GP2, maybe he should try outplaying them. Pat Spencer out here seizing his opportunities by the throat…. Kuminga ain’t done nothing in 5 years but grab his ****. 1 Reply Giants74 • 1 hour ago It has always been clear what the Warriors want Kuminga to do; he has only done it occasionally. To be an All-Star, you need to do it consistently. He can have great games, and then have duds. 1 Reply Michol • 1 hour ago Every good team has a great “feel good” story that bonds and inspires the team throughout the season and postseason run. Spencer centainly is an amazimg story. Jordan Poole was the story in the last Warriors run. People forget that Poole was basically G League player first 2 yrs along with Mannion and just worked his butt off to make an impact. He was the spark for the team before the Punch ruined it all. This year, Warriors need to eliminate any negativity asap. They need to make “tough” decision on Kuminga asap. It’s not just about waiting for Jan 15th. They probably need to either come up with phantom injury or just send him home to wait for the trade. Prioritize Moody and Podz asap and see where their heart and allegience stand. They need to decide asap who’s a keeper and goner. 1 Reply Giants74 • 41 mins ago Weak. Jordan hit Kerr and Jackson says it helped them win the title that year. Rudy T was nearly killed on the court. But, he went on to be an All-Star and a Hall of Fame coach. Poole’s problem was his ego. He thought he was legendary after one good season. Why would you bench or claim that Kuminga is injured until January 15th? That guarantees no team will trade for him. Why would they? Might as well wave him. 2 Reply Michol • 3 mins ago I am confused. Why did they give him a $123m extensiion then? Are Warriors FO and coaches that incompetent? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel replyPlease login to leave a reply.Log in Register